Drop support for Python 3.8 (#295)
hastexo/hastexo-xblock: Changelog.md

Unreleased
-------------------------

> * [Chore] Drop support for Python 3.8 and `XBlock<2`.

Reviewer: I don't know exactly how to categorise this but I think it's more than a chore. Maybe just go with this:

```suggestion
* Drop support for Python 3.8 and `XBlock<2` (and, as a consequence, any Open edX releases prior to Redwood).
```
